Explain your hyperparameter tuning process below.

Yğ‘œğ‘¢ğ‘Ÿğ´ğ‘›ğ‘ ğ‘¤ğ‘’ğ‘Ÿ: There are five hyperparameters - hidden layer size, iteration count, batch size, regularization strength and learning rate. Iteration count and learning rate connected with each other. I will write code that iterates over three arrays of hyperparameters (i will do it twice) and choose the hyperparameters with the best result. Than I decrease the hyperparameter step and repeat these operations. Than I plot train/test over iterations and plot loss function over iterations

After training I change tuning process in the following way:
Initially try to choose good learning rate - it should be quite big and produce discendend function loss value over iteration value - traidof is training speed over convergence
Than u choose batch size as big as possible - tradeof is quickier convergence over speed of each train iteration
Hidden size actually is main hyperparameter - we should build model for each hidden train value and see how they converge
Iteration count - isn't actually a "true" hyperparameter - we should train network with enormous amount of iterations (like 10000) and see when it stop converge
Regularization strength - allows us to fight with overfitting - when train set performance is too big and test set is too small. I think it's possble to fight with overfitting by reducing zise of hidden unit


Inline Question

Now that you have trained a Neural Network classifier, you may find that your testing accuracy is much lower than the training accuracy. In what ways can we decrease this gap? Select all that apply.

Train on a larger dataset.
Add more hidden units.
Increase the regularization strength.
None of the above.

Yğ‘œğ‘¢ğ‘Ÿğ´ğ‘›ğ‘ ğ‘¤ğ‘’ğ‘Ÿ: Train on a larger dataset and increase the regularization strength
Yğ‘œğ‘¢ğ‘Ÿğ¸ğ‘¥ğ‘ğ‘™ğ‘ğ‘›ğ‘ğ‘¡ğ‘–ğ‘œğ‘›: There is a symptom of overfitting - model capacity is too big for dataset. Larger dataset allows to fulfill model capacity. Increasing regularization forces model to ingore corner cases and find general biases - thus forces it to generalize
